Bitcoin stock-to-flow model is a statistical model from a Nederlander with the name PlanB, he proposes that
the price of Bitcoin moves in tandem with it stock-to-flow ratio. Stock-to-flow ratio is a metric used basically, 
in the metal miniing industry to measure the metal's abundance or scarcity. Stock-to-flow ratio is obtained by dividing
the number of units of the metal relatively accessible on the planet right now (stock) by the number of new units that 
are being mined that year (flow). Therefore, Bitcoin stock-to-flow is the amount of bitcoin being held by people(stock) divided 
by its annual emission rate(flow). The emission rate of Bitcoin can be determined by the result of the last Bitcoin halvening
Halvening is the cutting into half the number of Bitcoin entering the circulation every 10 minutes (this is known as block reward).
The last halvening in May 2020, resulted into a block reward of 6.25 from 12.5. PlanB noticed that the price of Bitcoin is raising 
as its STB ratio is raising, therefore, he posited that this will continue, and based on this, he predicts that the price change per Bitcoin
from 55,000 to 100,000 dollars per Bitcoin. And this is proven, because as the supply of Bitcoin shrink by halvening, it is assumed
that the demand of Bitcoin remains the same, therefore, driving up the cryptocurrency's price. This is Bitcoin stock-to-flow model. 

Bitcoin stock-to-flow model is a bad model for the following reasons:

1. STF defies physics: Every curve that goes up, clips, and reaches a saturation point eventually. If not, there is going to be 
some serious issues globally, for instance, in the year 2050, one Bitcoin is suppose to be worth one trillion dollars, now assuming
between now and 2050 the global economy grows ten times, which means the global GDP will be 1420 trillion international dollars, then, Bitcoin
market capitalization is still going to be 1000 times greater than the entire economy. This will be absolutely absurd, because Bitcoin
consumes a lot of energy, therefore, for Bitcoin such height as it aims for, we would have to have invented more efficient, and almost
infinity source of energy, because as it price goes up, it energy consumption goes up. 

2. It underestimates the power of the government: It underestimates the authority of power of regulators, banker, policy makers
and the governnment as a whole, gold fans who may not be happy that Bitcoin is disrupting their industry, as a result, they will 
do everything they can to slow down path. If bitcoin is ban in all countries of the world, then less adverturous people will shy 
away from buying it, meaning, it adoption rate will slow down. So far it has not been a big deal, and that is because when Bitcoin 
went from a market capitalization of one milion dollars to one hundred million dollars, in the whole scheme of things, it is no big deal,
but if it is going to go from one hundred billion, that means it is going to grow a hundred times, which will make it ten trillion 
dollars maarket, that will put it in the same as gold because gold is nine trillion dollars. Then, Bitcoin will become a big deal, 
and commands attention from the likes of police, CIA, FBI, insurance companies, financial companies because it will threaten their 
businesses and that is going to be hard to fight, and it will to slow down Bitcoin. They will not stop, because they can not stop
the internet, but they will put parole blocks in place to slow it down.

3. Assumes exponential demand: The STF model only considered stock which can be defined as the supply while assuming a 
progressive demand, economically, this is not so, because to estimate the price of acommodity the demand and supply of the 
commodity has to be considered and compared. So, STF assumes the vibrant and boomimng demand that has been in existence 
for the past 10 years is going to be consistent as the STF marches up, and that is not a fact.

4. STF fail for other Alternative cryptocurrencies or altcoins: Only few cryptocurrencies are worth more 
than Bitcoin, but Bitcoin is worth more than even more cryptocurrencies, if the STF ratio is consistent,
while is it not working for the other altcoins. Even PlanB confirmed in a twitter post that STF did
not work for Litecoin.

5. Some metals have low STF ratio but are worth more than gold: The argument made with the STF ratio 
is that higher STF depicts higher price. But metals such as Platinum and Palladium have STF of 0.5 to 1 compare to gold,
and these are often priced by kg more than gold.

6. Gold's STF does not drive its price: One of the assumption made in the stock-to-flow ratio for bitcoin
is that the STF influences it price, this is not so as we can see in the graph that although the 
graph have a wavy(up and down slope) flow throughtout the 120 years, so therefore, if the model is correct one will
expect that the price too will have a pattern has it changes through time, but this is not so, and this very small to no
correlation between the two parameters. In the graph in figure .., it can be seem that gold price 
behaves asymmetrical to the behaviour of its STF.That is, in some year the STF was high, the price of 
gold was relatively low.

7. The stock to flow ratio of gold is not fixed: Taking a closer look at the power regression 
plotting market vlaue to stock-to-flow(scarcity) by PlanB, shows that the STF of gold
in yellow legend is fixed at 62 while that of silver in gray legend is fixed at 22, but 
the STF of bitcoin progressively gets higher and higher over time. The fact is that, the 
STF of gold in not fixed and this can be verify by reviewing the stf graph for gold in the last 10 to 20 year.